Printed and bound in the United States of America 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Trademarked names may appear in this book. Rather than use a trademark symbol with every occurrence of a trademarked name, we use the names only in an editorial fashion and to the benefit of the trademark owner, with no intention of infringement of the trademark. Lead Editor: Ewan Buckingham Technical Reviewer:Christophe Nasarre Editorial Board: Steve Anglin, Ewan Buckingham, Gary Cornell, Jason Gilmore, Jonathan Gennick, Jonathan Hassell, James Huddleston, Chris Mills, Matthew Moodie, Dominic Shakeshaft, Jim Sumser, Matt Wade Project Manager: Grace Wong Copy Edit Manager: Nicole Flores Copy Editors: Nicole Flores, Ami Knox Assistant Production Director: Kari Brooks-Copony Senior Production Editor: Kelly Winquist Compositor: Dina Quan Proofreader:Linda Seifert Indexer: Broccoli Information Management Artist: April Milne Cover Designer: Kurt Krames Manufacturing Director:Tom Debolski Distributed to the book trade worldwide bySpringer-Verlag New York, Inc., 233 Spring Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10013. Phone 1-800-SPRINGER, fax 201-348-4505, e-mail orders-ny@springer-sbm.com,or visit http://www.springeronline.com. For information on translations, please contact Apress directly at 2560 Ninth Street, Suite 219, Berkeley, CA 94710. Phone 510-549-5930, fax 510-549-5939, e-mail info@apress.com,or visit http://www.apress.com. The information in this book is distributed on an “as is”basis,without warranty. Although every precaution has been taken in the preparation of this work, neither the author(s) nor Apress shall have any liability to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused directly or indirectly by the information contained in this work. The source code for this book is available to readers at http://www.apress.com in the Source Code/ Download section. You will need to answer questions pertaining to this book in order to successfully download the code.
